(Tim, and Joey are both missing)
***(All of Joey reminders were not covered as he was not here)***
- Should create business cards for club
- Logo has been created but stil needs to be approved to be used for flyers
- Still figuring out about updating passwords such as using keypass pro or updating the password every 3 month. Juan suggests we use USB keys for officers and key chain providers. Tim suggests we use a two key system 
- Aidan will speak to Ujan about hosting a meeting
- Javier will speak to a professional at northrop grumman to be a guest speaker
- Toby will talk to a cybersecurity professor (TJ O'Connor) at FIT to be a guest speaker 
- Aidan is going to do CCDC team registrations by 10/19/2023
- Aidan has decided on doing a 4 team breakout meeting for CCDC
- Jacob needs to make room reservations for the ARC lab but needs more details
- All officers except Tim should be on the github for the website
- We still want to do a stand at the front of the IST but we need the tablecloth to do so, we want to hand out things too at it such as a poker chip with a qr code, or a businees card, to do so we would also have to do a room reseveration of the field and then an event registration. Javier suggested we do a demo of skills.
- Need to contact admissions to be included in tours
- Sunshine cyber conference in march in tampa that we could register for, would have to talk to Isabelle to get cost covered
- We figured out how to do recordings and need to find a way to store the videos
- Aidan needs to get permissions to access the club email and needs to talk juan to gain access
- Angelo is implementing new discord features into the discord to make it less clutered 
- Aidan needs to make a GitHub for the CCDC team
- Angelo needs to know how to split people into teams of 4 for the next CTF he's competing in Hannah suggested we make the more skilled people be team captains
- 
