- Toby reached out to a guest speaker and sent emails out to the club
- Deven wants to contact Bobby 
- Javier wants to contact another guest speaker
- Even if a member is absent their responiblities still need to be covered
- Ideas for handouts for the next club row is business cards, a poker chip, but heavy focus on the cards
- Handouts to important people could be usb thumb drives that look like credit cards
- Could possibly do things for career fair
- Temp flyers need to be approved and then need to be sent to be printed 
- Aidan still needs access to the club email and is sending the email to do so asap
- Password handling will be done by Joey and Tim, could possibly purchase a club phone with 2fa, still thinking about cloud keychains
- Joey needs to sign up for CCDC
- Joey will send an email to reliaquest about careers for full time and possibly internships, while also include other topics
- Jacob needs to reserve ARC room 2220 and needs to find out other information such as what we can do in it, might have to go thorugh Ujan to find out more information, might also have to talk to Karim about the Lab
- Tim needs to contact admissions to do tours
- To request a bus there needs to be a faculty member that would like to drive us there or we would lease a bus
- To record videos the idea is to use a dongle to record screens and a mic to record audio, ideas are using a microsoft teams meeting to record 
- Need to make a purchase request for elgato to record videos
- Angelo needs to work on discord features 
- Jacob will make the google form to ask for ideas for the movies and games list 
- Club storage will checked and ideas are going around such as GitHub, Gmail storage, and OneDrive.
- Physicals assets will be storaged in the Cyber security lab and measures will be set in place to hand it down based on faculty and current president
- COS and secretary are going to be rebranded in the new constitution 
- Internal meetings will be overhauled with many new items being added such as COS communicating more with people (like asking how theyre going with items) and secretary needs to be updated on new rooms and ensure presence looks good 
- The instagram needs more items to post and they need to include more faces, ideas for posts are more advice and cyber security related events
- Poly is moving away from dominos and going to different fast food caterers, Toby said he's talking to his manager to help 
- We're also seeing if we cna contiunously do catering
- The ctf leaderboard is still being worked on and Angelo said he needs the data to do so
- Joey needs to give a list of what he needs in the database 
- Programming club is starting up again under new leadership and Joey wants it to be fully integrated with the club
- Programming club will be redoing itself from the ground up by turning itself into a more project based club 
